Voice over on subtable heading Level 3.
This table uses a figure element to build
a relationship between the data,
the author, and the source.
Morse code and NATO Phonetic alphabet
chart Letter row one column one Table
Start two row 7 columns.
Domino Frame Letter row Header Cap A
Column Cap B Column header Column Cap C
Column header Column four Cap D Column
header column five Cap E,
Column header column six Cap F column
header column seven NATO row header row 2
Column one Cap A Alpha Column two Cap B
Bravo Cap C Chart Cap D Delta Cap E Echo
Cap F Foxtrot column seven.
Table source JWTF Back to top of page in
Page link.